Docs: GitOps reference (#19740)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/Configuration-for-contributors.md

# Configuration for contributors

- [Mobile device management (MDM)](#mobile-device-management-mdm)
- [Environment variables](#environment-variables)

> This document includes Fleet server confiurguration that are helpful when developing or contributing to Fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document includes Fleet server configuration settings that are helpful when developing or contributing to Fleet.
```
